README.md, before:

## Installation

Install Docker Compose:
https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/

Build the app and run it:

```sh
$ yarn
$ docker-compose up --build
```

You should only need to do this the first time.

## Run the app locally

You should only have to build with docker compose the first time you install the app, if you add new dependencies or if the Dockerfile configuration changes. Once you've built it you should be able to run the app locally using:

```sh
$ docker-compose up
```

## Run the app in production

```
$ yarn start
```

## Middleware
Middleware functions are functions that have access to the request object (`req`), the response object (`res`), and the next middleware function in the application’s request-response cycle.

Middleware can be at the application level or at the router level.

## Testing
Using `jest` and `supertest` for API testing.

## Environment variables
Environment variables are to be loaded in through a `.env` file. Anything that needs to be configured by environment or kept a secret should live in the `.env` file and it should never be checked in.

## Commit messages
In order to keep a clean git history merges should always be squashed with a consistent commit message style.

## TODOS
- install knex + hook up to DB
-switch to forever instead of nodemon

Commit message:

🐳 🔥 remove docker and add firebase

README.md, after:

## Installation

```sh
$ yarn install
```

## Run the app locally

```sh
$ yarn dev
```

## Run the app in production

```
$ yarn start
```

## Middleware

Middleware functions are functions that have access to the request object (`req`), the response object (`res`), and the next middleware function in the application’s request-response cycle.

Middleware can be at the application level or at the router level.

## Database

We are using Firebase [cloud fire store](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/quickstart) for our database.

To setup a connection to the database:

1. Have a look in your project slack channel for a pinned JSON file called `firebase-credentials.json`.
2. Create a `firebase-credentals.json` file in the root directory of this repository and copy the contents from the file in the slack channel
3. Run `yarn dev` and if everything is running smoothly you should see no errors

To query the database you will need to `require` the `db` instance that is exported from `index.js`. You can use the [firebase docs](https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/query-data/get-data) and have a look under the node.js tab for examples.

## Testing

Using `jest` and `supertest` for API testing.

## Commit messages

In order to keep a clean git history merges should always be squashed with a consistent commit message style.
